This is my special commission
Dahongpao tea leaves picked from mother trees in Wuyi Mountain
Value 5 million
Oh, it's a meeting gift.
5 million tea leaves
It seems
Maybe Chen Tianshou is actually richer than Raymond Lam.
Oh hahaha
As expected, he is Mr. Chen.
Chu Chu is indeed extraordinary hahaha
You're welcome.
oops
Kid
You have never tasted such expensive Dahongpao, right?
I'll give you a drink today.
Oh, your tea is broken
You are not worthy of using my tea set.
Hahahaha brat
You think I'm stupid?
Or is it that everyone here is stupid?
Your broken tea set
It will be more expensive than my 5 million Da Hong Pao
I see this color
Money, hahahaha
Raymond Lam I know you are a little upstart
But compared with Mr. Chen,
Not even 1/10 of his.
Uncle Chen
He is not worthy of comparing with me.
snort
I am better than a pretentious pretty boy like you.
More than enough
You said your tea set is more expensive than my Da Hong Pao
If it is more expensive than my Da Hong Pao
I'll tear my head off and let you kick it like a ball
Ha ha ha ha
Forget it, I have stupidity
I don't like your stupid ass head as a sphere.
Who are you calling stupid?
How come you're not stupid?
Spend 5 million to buy a can of fake Dahongpao tea